I decided to rework the library. I created an archive ([../archive/observable_0.js]) for the previous version of the library.

The scope of the observables library has been expanded to also have an `App` class. After writing test a2, I realized I would need to rely a lot more on a specialized class. I also realized what things the class will need to do.

There are also some other issues that need fixed.

The changes are:
* I reworked `optimizer.cycle` to ensure time values are not double counted when aggregrating towards the update horizon. This requires creating a queue of nodes, and only aggregrating from a given node if: it is a subscribing node and all of its subscribers have already aggregrated, or it is publishing node and all of its publishers have aggregrated. The recursion for this is simple and prevents any double counting.
* Publishing nodes no longer publish if their value has not changed.
* `observable.get` and `observable.set` can now accept `updateID`s.
* The new `App` class will use one `updateID` for all observables during a given update step, in order to avoid recalculating values for that update step. Each frame has two update steps.
    * This replaces `Elup` and has more features, since more features were needed.
* The `Observable` constructor now accepts new properties. `equals` allows you to define a function for publishing mode nodes to use to determine whether the new value is the same as the old value (so it is like an overload). `value` which indicates the starting value for the observable.
* The `Observable` constructor no longer accepts just a calculate funtion on its own. It now only accepts `Observable_Options`.
* Other important bug fixes. If you want to use [../archive/observable_0.js], you'll probably want to fix some similar bugs there, but it is an archive, so I will not be modifying it.

New `App` class:
* Handles all of the linking and frame logic for you so you don't need to bother with that.
* `App.O` - creates an observable, and automatically makes it so you can easily debug whether the mode of that observable.
* `App.Input` - binds an input element to an observable, and returns that observable.
* `App.Output` - binds an output element to an observable, and returns that observable.
* `App.Next` - defines the value an observable should have next frame.

These changes were implemented on (May 19, 2026 at 6:10 PM), as part of commit `55bbdec` and the commits preceding it (starting with the commit with the message "begin planning for a big update").
* Please beware that there are probably some bugs in this version. This software has no warranty and no guarantee that it will work as stated. However, it did seem to work in test a3 on my machine.
